specify the need for minimal runnable reproduction (#66)
react-native-community/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

## Steps To Reproduce

<!--

> - You must provide an easy way to reproduce the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must provide an clear list of steps to reproduce the problem.
```
I'd just change the wording here a bit - not all issues are easy to repro. But as long as the list of steps is clear and follow-able it's good, no? 🤔

Author: thanks, that's better!

> - Keep the code reproducing the bug as simple as possible, with the minimum amount of code required to reproduce the issue. [Read more](https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve).

Reviewer 2: Does this render as link to the user? I have never seen this being used.

If not, it's better to remove the `[Read more]` portion.

Author: right; I did what you suggested
